# identity-information-finder
The end goal of this project is to build a webscraper in python that can pull up a persons social media pages and websites that have information about them, when given some basic information about the person.

I will begin by building a very crude version of the program, likely with everything in a single file. I am hoping to initially use selenium in Python to get some basic searches of social media websites working with some basic inputs about the target person. Once the social media searches are working then I would like to introduce a general search function to search google for websites that contain information about the target person.

Once all of these searches are working properly, I will scale the project up to a more complex architecture perhaps introducing some object oriented programming to create a class for the target person and store related search functions (i.e. all functions relevant to searching a single social media site) in a single file that can simply be imported as a module. 

This step may be done before or in conjunction with the project is scaled up to a more complex architecture. This step will involve steps to refine the program and advance the search method. Changes such as reading the information about the person in as a dictionary, allowing to user to easily enter the information about the target person, then storing this information in a dictionary. Then this dictionary could be an input to the search methods and parsed through, or perhaps a function can be defined to parse through the dictionary and simply be called in the search methods as well. A ranking system could be introduced, a website or social media page can be awarded 1 point for each attribute of the target person it matches, and then the profiles/websites with the most points will be displayed for the user. To further refine the search, the program could show the user the social media profiles that match the most attributes and the user would then tell the program which of the social media profiles were correct. The program can the extract new attributes from these confirmed social media pages which can then be used to further refine the searches. 

For now these are the currect initial plans of this project (Nov 19, 2021).
